Add WIF documentation for GCP Auth and Secrets engines (#27170)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/auth/gcp.mdx

Configures the credentials required for the plugin to perform API calls
to Google Cloud. These credentials will be used to query the status of IAM
entities and get service account or other Google public certificates

> to confirm signed JWTs passed in during login. Credentials can be configured
> either with Application Credentials for a privileged service account,
> or using Plugin Workload Identity Federation (WIF).

Reviewer: Style suggestion: use active voice.
```suggestion
to confirm signed JWTs passed in during login. You can configure credentials
either with Application Credentials for a privileged service account,
or using Plugin Workload Identity Federation (WIF).
```

Reviewer 2: +1 to the suggested rewrite

### IAM

> There are multiple ways to pass root credentials to the Vault server, specified
> below with the highest precedence first. If credentials already exist, this will
> overwrite them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Vault uses the official Google Cloud SDK to source credentials from environment variables and shared files.

From highest precedence to lowest, you can pass root credentials to the Vault server in the following ways:
```

Style correction: write in active voice, fold in comment re: GCP SDK

> The official Google Cloud SDK is used for sourcing credentials from env vars and shared
> files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Folded into previous suggestion

> - Static credentials provided to the API as a payload

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Provide static credentials to the API as a payload.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, use numbered list since these are supposed to be in order of precedence.

> - [Plugin workload identity federation](/vault/docs/auth/gcp#plugin-workload-identity-federation-wif)
> credentials

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Use [plugin workload identity federation](/vault/docs/auth/gcp#plugin-workload-identity-federation-wif) credentials.
```

> - [Application Default Credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/application-default-credentials)
> in the environment **on the server**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set [application default credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/application-default-credentials)
   as environment variables on the Vault server.
 
 <Warning title="Destructive action">

  Passing Vault new root credential overwrites any preexisting root credentials.

</Warning>
```
